Fix issues seen on devcloud with flex170 gpu (#85)
soda-inria/sklearn-numba-dpex: README.md

             --channel dppy/label/dev \
             --channel conda-forge \
             --channel intel \

>              # NB: different versions of `sklearn_numba_dpex` can require to pin
>              # different versions, build or channels here.

Reviewer: Don't we need to escape the comment here like done previously?
```suggestion
             `# NB: different versions of sklearn_numba_dpex can require to pin` \
             `# different channels or versions and builds numbers of dependencies` \
             `# here.` \
```
